## Interactive plan explicability in human-robot teaming
In this paper, we extend plan explicability to consider interactive settings where the human and robot's behaviors can influence each other. We term this new measure Interactive Plan Explicability (IPE). We compare the joint plan generated by our approach with the consideration of this measure using the fast forward (FF) planner, with the plan generated by FF without such consideration, as well as with the plan created with human subjects interacting with a robot running an FF planner. Since the human subject is expected to adapt to the robot's behavior dynamically when it deviates from her expectation, the plan created with human subjects is expected to be more explicable than the FF plan, and comparable to the explicable plan generated by our approach. Results indicate that the explicability score of plans generated by our algorithm is indeed closer to the human interactive plan than the plan generated by FF, implying that the plans generated by our algorithms align better with the expected plans of the human during execution. This can lead to more efficient collaboration in practice.


All of the recent models are in javaff folder.

Check scripts to result to run the planner multiple times.

1) Preliminary results folder contains all of the random problems and how to get results for them. Plus, it has the code to generate random PDDL problems.

2) Installation files contains .jar files for mongo db and json and FF and FD Planners.

3) Game data contains the scenarios used for all for versions of the game (1-4 for test and 5-20 for train) + Questionnaire at the end of the game. Plans folder inside of it contains the optimal plans for all of the 20 scenarios. Optimals.txt inside plans is all of the 20 plans in one place.

4) Result files inside javaff are the result files for 20 plans as the output of FF.

5) Mallet-CommandLine is the file you should use to label your sequence using CRF model. (Both train and test technique is included). I used mallet-2.0.8 and followed the installation instruction presented on the mallet website.

If you are more interested, please read our paper using this [link](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/8525540/).
This project uses four repositories which is connected to the Heruku service for data collection purposes:
[Game-1 Train](https://github.com/mehrdadzakershahrak/Game1_train), [Game-2 Train](https://github.com/mehrdadzakershahrak/Game2_train), [Game-1 Test](https://github.com/mehrdadzakershahrak/Game1_test), [Game-2 Test](https://github.com/mehrdadzakershahrak/Game2_test)


